Move calico to core (#11650)
DataDog/integrations-core: calico/README.md

# Agent Check: Calico

## Overview

This check monitors [Calico][1] through the Datadog Agent.

The Calico check sends metrics concerning network and security in a Kubernetes cluster set up with Calico.

## Setup

### Installation

> The Calico check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, to start gathering metrics you first need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Calico check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package. 
```

#### Installation with a Kubernetes cluster-based Agent

Using annotations:

> 1. Set up Calico on your cluster if you have not already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up Calico on your cluster.
```

2. Enable Prometheus metrics using the instructions in [Monitor Calico component metrics][9].
   Once enabled, you should have a `felix-metrics-svc` service running in your cluster, as well as a `prometheus-pod`.

3. To use Autodiscovery, modify `prometheus-pod`. Add the following snippet to your Prometheus YAML configuration file:

```
metadata:
  [...]
  annotations:
   ad.datadoghq.com/prometheus-pod.check_names: |
   ["openmetrics"]
   ad.datadoghq.com/prometheus-pod.init_configs: |
   [{}]
   ad.datadoghq.com/prometheus-pod.instances: |
     [
        {
           "prometheus_url": "http://<FELIX-SERVICE-IP>:<FELIX-SERVICE-PORT>/metrics",
           "namespace": "calico",
           "metrics": ["*"]
        }
     ]
  spec:
    [....]

> ```

Reviewer: Minor nit but if you want this code block to follow the same tabbed formatting as the instructions, you can move this code block by three spaces so that the first backtick is the same place below "To use..."

You can find values for `<FELIX-SERVICE-IP>` and `<FELIX-SERVICE-PORT>` by running `kubectl get all -all-namespaces`.

#### Installation with an OS-based Agent

> 1. Follow [Monitor Calico component metrics][9] until you have a `felix-metrics-svc` service running using `kubectl get all --all-namespaces`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow [Monitor Calico component metrics][9] until you have a `felix-metrics-svc` service running by using `kubectl get all --all-namespaces`.
```

2. If you are using minikube, you must forward port 9091 to `felix-metrics-svc`.
   Run `kubectl port-forward service/felix-metrics-svc 9091:9091 -n kube-system`.

   If you are not using minikube, check that `felix-metrics-svc` has an external IP. If the service does not have an external IP, use `kubectl edit svc` to change its type from `ClusterIP` to `LoadBalancer`.

> Once installation is complete, you can continue to configuration (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Configuration

> 
> Follow the instructions below to configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Containerized](#containerized) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions to configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Containerized](#containerized) section.
```

<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Host" xxx -->

#### Host

To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

> 1. Edit the `calico.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Calico performance data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `calico.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Calico performance data.
```

   The only required parameter is the `openmetrics_endpoint` URL. See the [sample calico.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. If you are using minikube, use 'http://localhost:9091/metrics' as your `openmetrics_endpoint` URL.
   If you are not using minikube, use `http://<FELIX-METRICS-SVC-EXTERNAL-IP>:<PORT>/metrics` as your `openmetrics_endpoint` URL.

3. [Restart the Agent][4].

##### Metric collection

1. The default configuration of your `cassandra.d/conf.yaml` file activate the collection of your [Calico metrics](#metrics). See the [sample calico.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

##### Log collection

> Since Calico structure is set up in a Kubernetes cluster, it is built with deployments, pods, and services.
> The Kubernetes integration fetches logs from containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Calico structure is set up in a Kubernetes cluster, it is built with deployments, pods, and services. The Kubernetes integration fetches logs from containers.

```

> Therefore, when [Kubernetes][12] integration is set up, Calico logs are automatically available in the Datadog Log Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up the [Kubernetes][12] integration, Calico logs become available in the Datadog Log Explorer.
```

> Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

```
